I smell fear. Are you afraid, little one?
I smell fear and easy prey
I smell fear. I walk the path of the hunter
I smell fear. The path of war beckons!
Here to troll you
You asked for a troll?
Deep forest trollin'
Will of the forest!
Winds of the North!
By the shamans!
Let the strongest survive!
You look like you need some feeding before you're even worthy of being a snack
You're in troll lands! I hope you're good for fighting!
The hunt beckons
The hunt calls to me
I follow the hunt
Where the prey is, I will follow
Chop 'em up, boys!
Bring me their heads!
I walk the path of war!
Surrender? You don't know much about trolls, do you, little one?
Shut your yap and get over here so I can smash you!
Quit your yapping and get to fighting!
Come here, little one. I need your skull for my totem
What? More halflings? Got enough of their skulls already
Pass me some of that
Let me have some of that, little one
*hic* let's have another
The weak shall be prey to the strong. Such is the will of the forest
I smell fear and grow turgid. Violent action ensues
Here for the pow-wow, but I don't mind a little killing on the side
What a tasty mushroom. Doesn't that cloud look like a pretty skull? Let me just grab it...
You have anyone bigger for me to fight? I don't want to waste time on you little runts
I shall paint my face, I shall pierce my skin. I'll howl like a feral hound at the naked moon
When you find a golden feather, that means I can find the way to your home after I take it from you
C'mere, little one! Let's see what you got
Enough sneaking about! Let's see if I can get some skulls for my totem belt
You want axe?
C'mere and let me axe you a question
Say hello to my little friend!
Ready for stompin'
Trolls are made for fighting and winning!
We're the trolls and you are not. Let's see how you taste
This is going to be a feast
Rip their heads off! Tear 'em up!
Kill em all! Smash 'em to pieces!
Fight like a troll!
I'm here and I'm mad!
I wake up and I'm ready for a fight!
Put your backs into it boys! Smash 'em up
Go ahead. Make my day
I am a troll hunter with my mighty troll hammer, not a fragile weakling like you.
Have you heard the story of the sun? In an ancient time there was a shamaness...
...drew her runes from the skies to hell below and painted and chalked herself...
...then lifted up to the sky above, a great fire bursting from her hips...
...to bring drought and fear to the beings of day while trolls rule the night
Let the darkness overtake, and the fingers of frost spread everywhere! Waaaaaaaaaagh!
I am the darkness!
We are the night!
I am vengeance! I am the night! I am... much bigger and meaner than a batman
Death has come for you! Let's have that skull
Bravery will not save you!
I need your head for my collection. Take it off, will ya? Fine, I'll do it...
Party tonight under the mountain! Pass it on
...I keep telling you, she's the one. Fur as red as delicious blood. Mm-mm...
...damn panserblekk ripped his entire arm off, so the shaman had to put in another peg...
Come to the mountains at nightfall and see the dancing flames go down. Hear our song if you dare!
What are we waiting for?! Charge at them already!
Go! Crush!
From below the mountains and valleys, from the frost and darkness, an unstoppable torrent of ice-cold troll blood gushes forth
You're going to get it!
Mean and green
Meaner and greener!
Sticks and stones may break my bones. My axe WILL break your skull!
Quit sniveling, weakling
Grit your teeth, weakling
If you're not good for a fight, then what good are you?
If you're not fat enough to snack on, then what good are you when you can't even fight?
If you don't have a pretty skull, then what good are you when you can't even fight?
You little runt! C'mere so I can smack you!
Troll harder! Troll faster!
Professional troll... hunter
I miss the dwarves. They were good for a fight
Raiding the black elves, now that was a good time...
Got good loot I'd like to kill you for? Fine, got any loot? No? Prepare to die
For the trollfolk!
For the glory of the troll king!
For the glory of me!
The only thing a proper troll fears is the sky falling down on him
For the troll masters!
The hunt-brothers ride out, and beasts and weaklings flee for their lives!
Blood will drench every stone of our warpath!
The darkness is our great hall
The sun goes down while the prey still breathe, and rises to find none alive
The gloomy woods and the frozen mountains hide the bodies above, and we celebrate the hunt below Come if you dare!
C'mere, I need a new pair of bone earrings
C'mere, I need a new drumskin!
So many lives to take, so many bones to crush
Why are so many trolls blind, you ask? Why are so many of your species so weak and tasty?
If you can hear this, it's well past time for you to run, juicy one